\documentclass[a4paper]{article}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\begin{document}

\section{azerha elahr kjahe rlajher }
1 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
2 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
3 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
4 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
5 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
6 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea

\includegraphics[width=12cm]{toto.eps}

\section{azerha elahr kjahe rlajher }
1 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
2 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
3 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
4 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
5 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
6 azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea
azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea azea

\includegraphics[width=12cm]{titi.eps}

\end{document}
